After my meeting with Angela and Kate I felt both nervous and excited to move forward with them in my practicum position. I felt Angela 
really easy to talk to and we have a lot of the same interests so I was glad she was going to be supervising me and giving me guidance. 
From what I understood, her education was in music. Kate on the other hand has a background in marketing. I am highly interested in 
marketing so I was really pleased to work with her as well and learn what she had to offer. 

During my first intake session, Kate asked me ‘tech’ questions. I felt underprepared for these. Digital Humanities is more of a 
theoretically based course where we talk about the humanities in the digital world. There is only some hands on practice (which was really
valuable). I with that coming out of the DH program I knew more about the practical use of certain programs as well as which would be a 
good product to apply to reach a certain goal. I think that as I go along in this practicum I will learn more. 

My peer, Victoria Vaudry, is also part taking in the same practicum as me and we discussed the dilemma of not feeling like we have enough
knowledge about the practical application of DH. We decided to strive for the best and work together to achieve both our and the OSO’s 
goals and learn as much as we can using DH principals. These include finding effective, efficient, and free software for the OSO to use, 
as well as apply a DH frame of thought in our tasks. For myself, I hope to bring forward ideas on visualization in performances and 
presentation, enhancing the human experience, expanding the target audience, and finding out how to make the 3D violin live on beyond the
final concert. 

A challenge I have been facing so far is that I tend to think about marketing/advertising for audiences my age rather than the OSO’s 
important 60+ concert goers. This is something for me to think about to help the OSO reach their goals. I need to make sure that my ideas
also consider elderly accessibility as well as making connections with their generation. I also think that I can bring a lot to expanding 
their audience to the “elusive millenials” (as they are referred in their marketing outline which I thought was funny). I think younger 
members of the community can enjoy classical/orchestral music but it needs to be done in an accessible fun way, and include more 
multiculturalism and popular music to really reflect Canada’s diaspora/Canadian culture. 

During my intake session with Kate and Angela, I think it was Angela and I at the moment and we somehow came to talk about touring and 
‘sound of Canada’. I thought this was very interesting. I asked myself, “what is the sound of Canada?” I think it’s many different sounds
from many different cultures. I’d like to see the violin embrace the different aspects of Canada. Perhaps this means combing a Baroque 
piece with a rapper. Or perhaps Hiphop with a classical piece. I think this is an interesting and effective way to combine both worlds, 
young and old, to enjoy the sound of the 3D violin. 

May 11th, 2018
